add example on how to add correlation_id in uvicorn access log (#77)
snok/asgi-correlation-id: README.md

}
```

# Integration with [Uvicorn](https://github.com/encode/uvicorn)

> [Uvicorn](https://github.com/encode/uvicorn) is one of the ASGI servers
> used to run a [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/deployment/manually/) application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a correlation ID to your [uvicorn](https://github.com/encode/uvicorn) logs, you'll need to add a log filter and change the log formatting. Here's an example of how to configure uvicorn, if you're running a [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/deployment/manually/) app:
```

Author: updated thx

```

> import logging
> import os
> import asgi_correlation_id
> from fastapi import \
>     APIRouter, \
>     FastAPI
> import uvicorn
> from uvicorn.config import LOGGING_CONFIG
> 
> 
> def configure_logging():
>     """
>         configure logging with correlation_id
>     """
>     console_handler = logging.StreamHandler()
>     console_handler.addFilter(
>         asgi_correlation_id.CorrelationIdFilter())
>     logging.basicConfig(
>         handlers=[console_handler],
>         level=getattr(
>             logging,
>             os.environ.get("LOGLEVEL", "DEBUG")),
>         format="%(asctime)s"
>                " %(levelname)s"
>                " %(correlation_id)s"
>                " log"
>                " %(filename)s:%(funcName)s:%(lineno)d"
>                " %(message)s")
> 
> 
> app = FastAPI(on_startup=[configure_logging])
> app.add_middleware(asgi_correlation_id.CorrelationIdMiddleware)
> router = APIRouter()
> 
> 
> @router.get("/test")
> async def test_get():
>     logger = logging.getLogger()
>     logger.info("test_get")
>     result = True
>     return result
> 
> 
> app.include_router(router)
> 
> 
> if __name__ == "__main__":
>     # add correlation_id in uvicorn access_log
>     LOGGING_CONFIG["handlers"]["access"]["filters"] = [
>             asgi_correlation_id.CorrelationIdFilter()]
>     LOGGING_CONFIG["formatters"]["access"]["fmt"] = \
>         "%(asctime)s %(levelname)s %(correlation_id)s" \
>         " access %(client_addr)s - %(request_line)s %(status_code)s"
>     uvicorn.run(
>         "test:app",
>         port=8080,
>         log_level=os.environ.get("LOGLEVEL", "DEBUG").lower())

Reviewer: This looks good, but how about we make it a little simpler?
```suggestion
import logging
import os

import asgi_correlation_id
import uvicorn
from fastapi import APIRouter, FastAPI
from uvicorn.config import LOGGING_CONFIG

def configure_logging():
    console_handler = logging.StreamHandler()
    console_handler.addFilter(asgi_correlation_id.CorrelationIdFilter())
    logging.basicConfig(
        handlers=[console_handler],
        level=getattr(logging, os.environ.get("LOGLEVEL", "DEBUG")),
        format="%(levelname)s log [%(correlation_id)s] %(name)s %(message)s"
    )

app = FastAPI(on_startup=[configure_logging])
app.add_middleware(asgi_correlation_id.CorrelationIdMiddleware)
router = APIRouter()

@router.get("/test")
async def test_get():
    logger = logging.getLogger()
    logger.info("foo")

app.include_router(router)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    LOGGING_CONFIG["handlers"]["access"]["filters"] = [asgi_correlation_id.CorrelationIdFilter()]
    LOGGING_CONFIG["formatters"]["access"]["fmt"] = "%(levelname)s access [%(correlation_id)s] %(name)s %(message)s"
    uvicorn.run("app:app", port=8080, log_level=os.environ.get("LOGLEVEL", "DEBUG").lower())
```
